Feature/mtm 63640/generally available secure tenant options (#3806)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-2025-376-0-enabling-enhanced-security-for-encrypted-tenant-options.md

---
date:
title: Enhanced security for encrypted tenant options
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-3BQrQ6adS
    label: API change
component:
  - value: component-JlFdtOPva
    label: REST API
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-63640
version: 2025.376.0
---

> From version 2025.376.0 onwards, and in the 2026 annual release, the `secure-tenant-options` feature is enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this change, the `secure-tenant-options` feature is enabled by default.
```

Reviewer: It is not required to explicitly mention the version, as it is stated anyway. And since this changelog is for CD only, 2026 must not be mentioned here. But the changelog will automatically be included in 2026 when we branch.
